Committing small Azure AD sign in changes from Q3 (#12457)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/appliedconditionalaccesspolicy.md

---
title: "appliedConditionalAccessPolicy resource type"

> description: "Indicates the attributes related to applied conditional access policy or policies that are triggered by the corresponding sign-in activity."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents the applied conditional access policy or policies that are triggered by the corresponding sign-in activity."
```

localization_priority: Normal
author: "besiler"
ms.prod: "identity-and-access-reports"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# appliedConditionalAccessPolicy resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Indicates the attributes related to applied conditional access policy or policies that are triggered by the corresponding sign-in activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the applied conditional access policy or policies that are triggered by the corresponding sign-in activity.
```
